[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to Beyond Belief.
I'm George Noory and our
special guest in this program
is Sarah Adams, a
multidimensional coach who
has experienced many things
from abductions to angels,
and Sarah has memories of past
lives in Egypt, Atlantis--
even life on Mars.
Telepathy and intuition,
quantum leaping and time travel
are among some of the
other alternative realities
Sarah lives.
Sarah is also here to talk
about her special work
through DNA, the God gene,
and how energy works.
Sarah, welcome to the program.
>>SARAH ADAMS: Thank you.
Thank you for having me on.
>>NOORY: Looking forward to
the-- what a varied background
you have.
How did this all happen for you?
>>ADAMS: So, since
I was a child,
I've experienced a lot of
things, and every single day,
visions, past life memories,
interaction with different
beings--
it's quite magical
on every level.
And through all of this,
remembering past memories,
I have sort of realized how
energy works and all of that.
>>NOORY: Were you
scared in the beginning
when all this was
starting to happen to you?
>>ADAMS: No, I wasn't scared.
I think I couldn't
live without it.
I think that for me, it's
beautiful to sort of access all
of those things.
>>NOORY: Is it easy to access?
>>ADAMS: For me, yes.
I astral project.
I have visions.
Sometimes I feel what
people are feeling.
So it's quite easy for
me to do those things.
>>NOORY: I had one
astral projection
when I was 11 years old.
I was bouncing on the ceiling,
looking down at my body,
and then it slammed
me back down.
But I've never been
able to do it since.
What am I doing wrong?
>>ADAMS: This is where it comes
down to genetics or the God
gene, which they're doing quite
a bit of work on, and it sort
of aligns to the
work that I'm doing--
what researchers and
scientists are finding on that.
It has to do with the charge
we have in our bodies.
The less charge, you--
you're less multidimensional.
The more charge you
have within yourself,
the more you're
multidimensional.
In the end, we're
energetic beings.
I believe this.
Our souls, you know.
The charge we have in our bodies
that keeps us alive and keeps
us moving right now, it's--
we're energy, and once we
learn how to manage that,
we can go in and
out of our bodies.
And I believe in Atlantis,
they did this in Egypt,
they did this in many,
many ancient civilizations.
They moved between the worlds
of non-matter and matter.
>>NOORY: Do we have the
ability, then, to change that
by learning more techniques?
>>ADAMS: We do.
I believe that we have the
ability to light up our DNA.
When we light up our
DNA, what this does
is the DNA is sort of
a antenna for energy.
And as we work on gathering
more energy into our DNA
and lighten ourselves
up, that streams
it right into us
and to ourselves
and to our whole system.
I believe this is why the
Egyptians were sun worshippers.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>ADAMS: They were charging
themselves through that,
and this would allow them to
be multidimensional and have
bodies of light.
So I believe it's possible.
>>NOORY: You have had past
memories of Egypt, Mars,
Atlantis--
how do you recollect
those things?
How does that happen?
>>ADAMS: I remembered a lot of
it since I was a little child.
You know, it's sort of vast.
Sometimes I'll just
have a flashback.
When something similar
happens in this life,
it'll remind me of what
happened in that life.
I had one the other day
with a good friend of mine
who actually works
with you guys,
and I had a flashback of
my life back in Egypt.
So it sort of works like that.
>>NOORY: Does it
sometimes overlap
your current existence--
your current life,
where it's confusing for you?
>>ADAMS: Mmm, no.
You know, sometimes
it shows me the people
in this life I've
known sometimes
back in those other
lives, so it shows me
if they were good for me.
It shows me a lot about
them, so it provides me
a larger view of what's really
happening on different levels.
So it's amazing,
because I found people
and they found me, that I've
known from those lives that
were just beautiful and
loving and caring towards me,
and that's followed
me into this life.
>>NOORY: How many past
lives can we have?
>>ADAMS: I'd say infinite.
I'd say infinite.
Once when I went back, I
went back two billion years
and that sounds--
>>NOORY: Two billion years?
>>ADAMS: Yes.
It was the most
magical experience.
>>NOORY: What did
things look like then?
>>ADAMS: You know, it
was before this planet.
It was when other planets
were inhabited and before--
I speak a lot about these
great wars that happened--
>>NOORY: Right.
>>ADAMS: But before then.
And I just--
I had all of this--
I was in this deep meditation,
and I just went back and back
and back, and I saw
all these lives,
and it was like
almost a film roll.
You know, when
you see everything
flashing before on a film roll
when they do it very quickly.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>ADAMS: I went back
two billion years.
Yes.
>>NOORY: You have had
recollections and theories
of the Anunnaki.
Zecharia Sitchin claims they
came here and genetically
altered us.
What do you see with them?
>>ADAMS: With Anunnaki, I
believe that they walk in human
form and they live in the worlds
of non-matter or the energetic
worlds--
the worlds of energy--
and I believe that
they come in and out.
I don't believe that
they're extinct.
I believe that they currently--
they're working towards
helping the world.
I do also believe that
with the Anunnaki,
that the depictions of angels,
of aliens, of all of that--
they're all the same beings.
>>NOORY: Are they
physical or dimensional?
>>ADAMS: So I believe
like when we had--
in Egypt, the Egyptian
kings and queens--
I believe that they were direct
Anunnaki in physical form,
and I believe that the Egyptian
bloodline comes all the way
back from Mars.
>>NOORY: Theoretical
physicist Michio Kaku
has talked about
multi-dimensions, as well.
Let's take a look.
>> We believe, though
we cannot yet prove,
that our multiverse of
universes is 11-dimensional.
So think of this 11-dimensional
arena, and in this arena,
there are bubbles--
bubbles that float-- and
the skin of the bubble
represents an entire universe.
So we're like flies
trapped on flypaper.
We're on the skin of a bubble.
It's a three-dimensional bubble.
The three-dimensional
bubble is expanding,
and that's called
the Big Bang Theory.
And sometimes, these bubbles
can bump into each other.
Sometimes they can split
apart, and that, we think,
is the Big Bang.
So we even have a theory
of the Big Bang itself.
Now you ask a question--
what about the dimensions
of each bubble?
Well, in string theory, which
is what I do for a living--
that's my day job.
In string theory,
we can have bubbles
of different dimensions.
The highest dimension is 11.
You cannot go beyond 11, because
universes become unstable
beyond 11.
If I write down the theory of
a 13-, 15-dimensional universe,
it's unstable, and it collapses
down to an 11-dimensional
universe.
>>NOORY: Do you agree
with that, Sarah?
>>ADAMS: Hmm.
You know what?
I access a lot of dimensions,
and even lifetime-- lives
happen in sort of
alternate universes.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>ADAMS: So I-- and it's
almost layered for me,
because of the fact
that when you're
go in higher dimensions that
are higher frequency, that
have more energy in them,
there's very beautiful things,
and then there's lower
where there's less energy.
I do believe that we
live in multiverses,
and a lot of people
don't know this.
And a long time ago, like
I said, they were a bit--
they could go in
and out because they
could go in and out of their
bodies and access all of that
before the Bible
says the fall of man.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>ADAMS: Fall of
[? frequency, ?] rather than
how people believe it happened.
So I do believe with
the fact that yes, there
are many universes
and many dimensions,
and people sometimes
tap into these,
and that's why sometimes
they're tapping
into dimensions where there's
different beings that exist.
>>NOORY: Of these lower levels,
would that be called hell?
>>ADAMS: Yes.
>>NOORY: I knew it.
>>NOORY: You don't want to
hang around there, do you?
>>ADAMS: [LAUGHING]
The underworld--
it's definitely where you can
get blocked off from light,
and yes, it's not a nice place--
not the best place.
>>NOORY: How many
dimensions are there,
and do we live in all of them
at the same time or separately?
>>ADAMS: It really depends.
A lot of people who are
seeing ghosts and stuff
are accessing other dimensions.
>>NOORY: Can we exist in more
than one at the same time?
>>ADAMS: People are
existing in more than one,
because your soul energy is
the flow of the universe,
so that's flowing everywhere.
You just-- you're not collecting
that information right,
because the body, when
it-- on a cellular level,
if it's-- you know,
with everything and--
There's additives in
everything, there's
heavy metals in
everything-- that's
blocking on a cellular level
so you're not flowing right,
so you're not collecting
all the information.
I had one experience where I
lived a whole life in another--
in a multiverse.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>ADAMS: And had all that
information come to me.
I experienced it.
>>NOORY: While you
had your other life.
>>ADAMS: Oh, yeah.
This year, yes.
>>NOORY: Was there a preference?
>>ADAMS: [LAUGHING] You
know, I really enjoyed living
in Egypt--
Atlantis.
You know, they used the
ice caps and the crystals,
and the ice caps along with
the crystals and the ocean.
You had the crystals in the body
and they could bring planets.
Just like I said, I'd
bring myself up and down.
They could bring the
planets up and down.
It was just magical.
So I have preferred some
lifetimes where I think--
before humanity forgot all
the information, and got here,
but I think--
I always try to see the
best in everything, so--
>>NOORY: Perfect.
>>ADAMS: And I have a lot
of lovely people in my life,
so it's good.
>>NOORY: Can you demonstrate for
us how you get into this mode?
Is it a meditation?
How do you do that?
>>ADAMS: So-- OK.
I sort of can bring
myself up, almost
like revving up a car's engine.
>>NOORY: How do you do that?
>>ADAMS: So what I do is--
we have power over our cells
and each cell is either going--
each cell is like a solar
panel, and the thing
is, you know, in society--
and I'm going to try to
explain this the best I can--
in society, we see
ourselves just being in 3D.
We don't see ourselves
as multidimensional
and this is a huge problem.
So we are not taking care of
our chakra systems-- our aura.
Now, each cell is
like a solar panel.
When we eat food that's
full of energy, when we're
in the sun, when we have love--
that goes into the
cell, through the cell,
and charges our aura system
and our chakra system,
thus making us more
high-vibrational.
Most people in
society, I believe,
are starving of energy.
I believe that they're
in deficit of energy
because they-- a long time
ago, they lost how this works--
how our aura and chakra
system is directly
tied to our physical body--
the physical plane
that we live on.
So what I do is I'm
able to literally
take control of all my
body on a cellular level
and just sort of rev it up.
And what I do is I do
very strong intent.
Will is very, very
important, and what I do
is I'll just imagine
my body sort of going
like a light
emanating in my body,
and I'll do that and do that and
do that intently until I feel
I'm like out of
this world almost,
and then I can leave my body.
>>NOORY: Do you do that in
the privacy of your home?
Can you do it when you're
outside at a restaurant?
Do you have to be
in a certain place?
>>ADAMS: I have had experiences
where I suddenly am just out
of my body, around--
>>NOORY: Just gone.
>>ADAMS: Just out of it
and I am somewhere else.
But I prefer to keep
control and doing that when
I'm laying down,
when I-- you know,
not driving a
vehicle or something.
>>NOORY: Yeah, that's not smart.
You don't want to do that.
>>ADAMS: Yes.
>>NOORY: What would you
say this is all about?
What are we tapping into?
When you're talking
about these other higher
dimensions and places,
what are they actually?
>>ADAMS: There's the most--
I believe there's the most
ancient beings that live there.
That's as much as
this world for people,
there's those beings there,
and I believe that again, they
want the illumination of man.
They want man to
understand that man isn't
the only one in the universe.
That there are many
dimensions that he can access,
and he only has to
stop being a copilot
and become a pilot
of himself, and he's
got to become a
pilot of himself,
and he needs to understand that
he's not just a physical form,
but he's also an energetic form.
He is a divine consciousness
from very long ago that has
forgotten who he is
and how powerful he is
and how he can interact,
and this, I think, is the--
for me, at least,
this is the outcome
of beings in these dimensions.
That's what they want--
for humanity to reconnect.
>>NOORY: Do you interact
with them often?
>>ADAMS: Yes, all the time.
All the time.
When I was very sick--
I was very sick after
my fiance passed away,
and they came to me, and
they were very healing to me,
and they gave me energy.
At one point, I knew I needed
a lot of energy to heal.
And I remember them--
just sort of golden beings
put their sort of hands over
me and streamed this energy
directly into me.
>>NOORY: Without their
help, how difficult
would things have been for you?
>>ADAMS: I think that my
body probably would not have
survived what I went through.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>ADAMS: Yes.
>>NOORY: It was that--
>>ADAMS: It was that dramatic.
I lost a lot of energy trying
to heal a certain person when
they passed away, so yes.
>>NOORY: It's not easy, is it?
>>ADAMS: Mm-mm.
>>NOORY: The late
William Tompkins
spoke about the Nazis
and their dealings
with striking a dark deal with
the other side with reptilians
for advanced technology.
>> They had developed,
or they had been given,
electromagnetic
antigravitational propulsion
by the reptilians.
The agreement
turned out that they
were to develop a parallel space
Navy that the reptilians had
and operate out through the
galaxy with the reptilians
taking over planets and slaving
the people on the planets.
>>NOORY: Sarah, are there
are dark sides out there?
>>ADAMS: As much as
there's light sides,
there's dark sides.
>>NOORY: I would call it evil.
Is it there?
>>ADAMS: Yes.
I do believe that that exists,
but I also believe that--
I have a very personal belief on
this, and that's just my view.
I believe-- I don't
know if you've ever seen
the movie "The Dark Crystal."
>>NOORY: No.
>>ADAMS: It's a very
famous movie by Jim Henson,
and in the end, even the dark
beings-- they wanted light.
Everything that was dark
was just in need of light,
and once that light was streamed
to them, they were all healed.
Everything was healed.
The universe is as a
symphony, and right now, I
feel like it's a
symphony that is not--
it's messed up.
It's not playing
the right symphony.
>>NOORY: Who's conducting it?
Is there a conductor?
>>ADAMS: [INHALING DEEPLY]
Ah, you know,
I believe in this force--
this ancient force that
runs throughout universes
and multiverses and dimensions
as an energy, and I believe--
>>NOORY: Is it God?
>>ADAMS: Yes.
That's what I tap into.
I don't believe a man
sitting in-- in a man sitting
in heaven.
I believe in this force.
>>NOORY: In the force.
>>ADAMS: Yes.
>>NOORY: Is it the force,
Sarah, that created us?
>>ADAMS: Yes.
I believe that we manifested
from energy into matter,
and I think that that took
a couple of manifestations
before we got to the matter
form that we are in right now.
>>NOORY: What's a
three-dimensional level,
and have you ever had a
contact experience in that?
>>ADAMS: Ooh.
[LAUGHING] I usually like going
up above like seven dimensions.
>>NOORY: You go
beyond the three?
>>ADAMS: I go way--
[LAUGHING] yes.
Sometimes people are like,
oh, only five dimensions.
>>NOORY: Do you always have
some experience, though,
in any dimension that you--
>>ADAMS: Oh, yes.
>>NOORY: --reside in?
>>ADAMS: Yes.
Yes.
Sometimes.
I-- OK, so once
I left my body, I
got all the way to one
of the moons near Saturn,
and so I had a hard time
coming back from there.
>>NOORY: Do you have
extraterrestrial contact?
>>ADAMS: Oh, yes.
I've-- aquatic beings,
these blue beings,
some sort of beings
that are very--
they have a lot of feathers.
Of course--
>>NOORY: The Avians?
>>ADAMS: Yes, but they
don't express their names
as-- it's a--
they don't speak like this.
They speak in their
frequency, so it's not words.
So--
>>NOORY: Have you
ever been abducted?
>>ADAMS: Have I?
Willingly, I've been-- you know,
I have been in a ship where I
saw a lot of hybrid children,
and I was told that they were
not connecting right
to the mothers,
because the hybrid ET
children, they were telepathic,
and the mothers were not--
the human mothers.
There was this disconnect, and
it was causing so much stress
on these little
small ET babies, so I
was asked to connect
to all of them
and just give them a
lot of love and energy
and remove the negative
stress energy that was causing
their body to malfunction.
>>NOORY: Were you
able to do that?
>>ADAMS: I was able to do that.
I saw that these kids were
also sort of infiltrated
into humanity to try to bring
consciousness by doing--
so I did see that.
That was quite a long
time ago, though.
I believe that there
are the Anunnaki
and I believe their
children are the Nephilim,
so they're the hybrids.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>ADAMS: Yes.
>>NOORY: Are some
government leaders
involved with some
strange ET connection?
>>ADAMS: I can't
talk about that.
>>NOORY: Why not?
>>ADAMS: I-- I won't
talk about that.
I have specific reasons of
why I won't talk about that.
>>NOORY: But you have
knowledge of something?
But you can't--
>>ADAMS: I have a
lot of knowledge.
If I access-- if--
OK, considering that I access--
>>NOORY: You're
scaring me now, Sarah.
>>ADAMS: Considering I access
this energy that flows through
me that I call God--
wouldn't I be able to
see a lot of things?
>>NOORY: You should be able to.
>>ADAMS: Exactly.
>>NOORY: So--
>>ADAMS: So I know
a lot of things.
>>NOORY: If I'm reading you
right, the things that you see
are kind of scary or
dangerous to talk about.
>>ADAMS: I would say that
humanity-- certain people
and humanity that have
positions of power,
and they think it's
real power, because they
think that sitting in status
is above others is real power.
In fact, it's the
problems they have
within themselves
and the lack of power
they feel within themselves
because they're not
connected how they
should be to God,
so they think that sitting
in powerful places, that's
some sort of power.
And many times, they
do things that they
shouldn't be doing, and--
>>NOORY: I get it.
>>ADAMS: --they don't realize
that by working together--
humanity working
together, consciousness,
the world-- you know, we have
such things as technology.
You have a cell phone.
That is very
primitive technology.
All of the
electronics we have is
primitive technology to what--
where I come from and where I--
ancient civilizations
who could teleport
and everything because they
had power over their cells.
They had light technology,
which is something
I hope is spoken
about in the future,
and they're now
using this, you know.
They're finding out that light
affects cells and everything
like that.
That light technology also
accesses other realms,
because it's in the
rainbow light spectrum that
accesses other realms.
We couldn't get too much
into that this interview,
but the thing is that they
had these technologies,
and they've accessed
them, and they're not
using them to help
and heal the world.
They're using them, I believe--
>>NOORY: To hurt.
>>ADAMS: --to hurt.
And that--
>>NOORY: That's not good.
>>ADAMS: --you know, eventually
that's going to stop,
because there is higher
forces that won't
allow that to continue on.
They want humanity to heal
and humanity not to be used.
>>NOORY: I hope they win--
us.
The good ones.
>>ADAMS: Isn't it funny?
Think about it, though.
Think about in Egypt how it
said that the ancients which
resurrect.
Think about that, right?
Think about all the cloning
and stuff that went on,
and you know if they
found the bodies of those,
they probably cloned them
and brought them back.
So think about it.
They would sort of be
fulfilling a prophecy.
>>NOORY: They did.
>>ADAMS: Think about that.
>>ADAMS: And for their
own gain, they would--
they want to use for
weapons or whatever else,
but think about the fact
that they would be fulfilling
prophecies of things much higher
than them and more advanced
without them even knowing it--
just their want for greed
and power and whatever else.
>>NOORY: Can our DNA
connect with some of this?
>>ADAMS: Do you remember--
have you ever heard
of Jacob's ladder in the Bible--
>>NOORY: Oh, yeah.
Absolutely.
>>ADAMS: --where
he-- that's how he
climbs up and sees the angels.
The ladder is the DNA.
Yes.
I believe that when we
find our inner power,
we will no longer need
leaders around the world,
because we will--
when we find the inner power
and we access this force,
we won't--
we will have only
compassion and caring.
We will not have
a lack of energy.
Lack of energy creates a
person who is depressed
and everything else.
When you have that
energy flow, you just
feel happy and well, and just--
you're not scared of anything,
because you know no matter
what happens to you,
you're connected to this.
You can't really die.
This is just like
a bit of a movie.
Just like us sitting
here filming.
>>NOORY: But not everybody
with the DNA experience
have the ability to contact.
How come?
>>ADAMS: Because of the
whole thing of being--
this is where that
humanity needs
to learn how their genetics
work, how energy works,
and how they can light that up.
And when they do, everybody
will have that experience,
because everybody in
the world has DNA,
and DNA has that ability to
access higher energy and stream
that in when used properly.
>>NOORY: All right.
>>ADAMS: It's a
tool, and you either
can use a tool the
wrong way and it's not
going to work, or the right
way, and it will work.
>>NOORY: When we die, in
your opinion, what happens?
>>ADAMS: That all souls return
back to the realms of energy.
>>NOORY: Do we reincarnate?
>>ADAMS: Yes.
I believe that there is choice.
You can come back here or
you can go to other worlds.
You can go to other dimensions.
It's your choice, and it's
also depending on what
you have done in your life.
If you've been a
pilot and you've
made good choices for
yourself and others,
I think that counts.
And what happens--
>>NOORY: What if you've
made a bad choices?
>>ADAMS: I think that you have
to pass through some karmic
lessons to understand
that that's not the--
that you should do
better than that.
>>NOORY: There was an old
book called "The Projections
of the Astral Body" years ago by
Hereward Carrington and Sylvan
Muldoon, and they
talked about going
through various stages of the
dimensions in the astral plane,
and they said the higher up you
got, the more heavenly it got.
>>ADAMS: Yes.
>>NOORY: But they were
petrified of the lower realm.
Have you ever seen that realm?
>>ADAMS: I've seen
all the realms.
I've--
>>NOORY: Not that you'd be
staying in the lower realms,
by any means.
But I mean, you have
seen it, though?
>>ADAMS: I have seen it.
I've been there.
When I got very ill,
the lack of energy--
so this is how energy works.
It's almost like in
a balloon, you know,
with the helium floats up.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>ADAMS: The more energy you
have, the more you go up.
The less energy, the
more you go down.
So I was--
I did get to those
realms at one point,
and yes, it's not
a very nice place.
I can say to you,
the highest realm
that I got was where I just
sort of became everything--
where I was just energy.
That's the highest
place that I ever got.
>>NOORY: Are you scared
of that lower realm?
>>ADAMS: I'm not--
>>NOORY: I mean,
I'm sure you don't
want to hang around there.
>>ADAMS: I'm not
scared of anything.
I don't believe that
fear is a good thing.
I believe understanding
is a better thing,
and it's sort of like--
I think that it's
just the universe.
It's almost like we're
children, and if we misbehave,
we're going to have to
learn our lessons on that.
I don't believe that people
just will burn eternally
in hell or anything like that.
I do believe you get to
go to different stages
and understand why
you should act better.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>ADAMS: Yes.
>>NOORY: What about our
role with extraterrestrials?
Do we have the ability
to communicate with them?
>>ADAMS: Yes.
>>NOORY: And they're out there?
>>ADAMS: They will
only communicate
with those who understand
that their energy body,
how it works, and those
who illuminate themselves--
those who put the
energy into themselves.
When I was a small child, I
was near one of my parents
and I spoke to a being for some
hours, and this being told me--
you know, it told me
that people grow up.
This is why children-- there's
a lot-- children see beings
all the time.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>ADAMS: And they
explained to me this--
is that when people grow older,
they collect this sort of--
this negative energy
or dark energy
around their aura
system, and what happens
is that blocks them off-- sort
of creates a wall between them
and these energy beings.
So this blocks them
from communicating,
and that humanity will be
illuminated eventually.
And in this
illumination, they will
learn how to clear
themselves so that they
can interact with other
interdimensional beings that
are energetic.
>>NOORY: Many parents try to
discourage little people--
their youngsters-- of playing
with these imaginary beings.
Is that smart to
do that, or not?
>>ADAMS: I'd say unless you
think it's something dark,
I would not.
I would be OK with it.
I believe a lot of angels
and a lot of high beings
visit children,
because I believe
they're trying to keep that
energy flow coming through
from the energetic worlds
through these children,
hoping that these children
will have that open gate
and grow up and be able to bring
that information to humanity,
because the whole point is
about illuminating humanity.
>>NOORY: We've talked a
lot about consciousness
and these
interdimensional beings,
and how that all works together.
There's a Gaia show
called "Missing Links"
with Gregg Braden, and he has
talked about these aspects
as well.
>> So here's what I did.
I replaced the letters
in the ancient text
with the elements of
the periodic table.
And when I did that
and applied it to DNA--
because DNA is made of hydrogen,
nitrogen, oxygen, and carbon
in different combinations.
When I took the
ancient alphabets
and I replaced the elements of
the DNA with those alphabets,
the DNA began to read as you
read the letters in a sentence
in the page upon a book.
Our DNA holds a
message that can only
be read by crossing the
traditional boundaries
of science and
spirituality, and it
helps us one more piece with
this clue of our origin.
Because the very
first sentence--
the very first line of every
strand of every human DNA--
says exactly the same thing,
and here's what it says--
when we place those letters
with the periodic table
and we begin reading the
text, the very first sentence
in every strand of DNA
literally says the words,
"God eternal within the body."
>>NOORY: That's pretty
dramatic stuff we just saw.
>>ADAMS: But everybody is God.
>>NOORY: Is God.
You think we're all gods?
>>ADAMS: I think that your
soul is a part of God.
It's God flowing in material
and matter in your body,
so everybody is God.
And I believe that in ancient
text and including the Bible,
that Christ, or Jesus,
was trying-- and Jesus,
if you-- in French is
[SPEAKING IN FRENCH] means
"I am."
Jesus was trying to
say, "I am--" God said,
"I am that I am" in
the Bible, that you
are God within yourself.
The temple-- he stated
the temple was your body.
He didn't state it
was anywhere else.
In fact, he was against
the religions of that day
where they worshipped
in temples.
He was saying that each person
was God within themselves--
a piece of God.
They were all-powerful.
>>NOORY: I'm looking at you now,
Sarah, and I don't read auras,
but you have a glow
all around you.
It's almost heavenly.
>>ADAMS: Yes.
>>NOORY: It's weird.
Have you noticed
that on yourself?
>>ADAMS: I know very
well what I am, yes,
and why I'm in this world.
>>NOORY: What am I noticing?
>>ADAMS: So I have gold.
I don't know if you've
read about the alchemy of--
to try and change into the
whole Philosopher's Stone
to change into gold.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>ADAMS: See, I
have a rainbow aura,
and around that, I have gold.
>>NOORY: Are you generating
this, or is it just--
>>ADAMS: Yes.
>>NOORY: --there.
>>ADAMS: I generate
this quite a bit.
I have a picture of
it on my Facebook.
When they-- I got an aura photo.
I had told them--
I said, "I have a rainbow aura."
When they took a picture of
it, they saw that with the gold
around it.
>>NOORY: In pictures of--
biblical pictures of Jesus
or the blessed Virgin Mary,
they have this glow around them,
too-- this aura around them.
Could people see
that in those days?
>>ADAMS: When you have that
sort of energy, everybody can.
A lot of people tell me this.
>>NOORY: Or you
feel it, at least?
>>ADAMS: So they were depicted
with a golden crown-- so
the golden halo.
And think about it.
Kings and queens
wear golden crowns.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>ADAMS: OK, originally
the whole symbolism
with kings and queens
is that the golden crown
meant they were connected
to God-- the crown chakra.
All the gems meant things
such as nobility, dignity,
and everything else--
all the different colors.
So it would represent
the rainbow chakra
with the golden crown, thus
the gold around the aura.
>>NOORY: Why is the God
genome and DNA so important
in all of this?
>>ADAMS: So they're
finding out that people
who are psychic or people
who are very prophetic
or just experience
supernatural things,
have a gene-- the God gene.
What they call the God gene.
>>NOORY: OK.
That gives them this ability?
>>ADAMS: Right.
So I believe that we can light
up, or that with certain--
whether it's food, whether
it's relationships, anything--
we either light up our DNA--
if it's empowering, it
brings energy into us,
or we turn it off.
And the more we turn it
off, the more we're very--
we access just lower things
and we have very unhappy lives.
The more we turn this on--
the more we access God--
>>NOORY: I see.
>>ADAMS: --and the more that
we access a lot of supernatural
things that are quite
beautiful, so I would--
these are my beliefs
on it, of course.
With the God gene, of
course-- think about it--
in the book of Genesis,
"gene-" "-isis."
>>NOORY: Right.
>>ADAMS: Now think about it--
that "is, is."
I am, I am.
The book of Genesis is
actually, I believe, encoded
about the God gene.
>>NOORY: Probably.
>>ADAMS: Yes.
>>NOORY: It's right
there, but it's a code.
Are you on a personal mission
to teach people something?
>>ADAMS: No.
I'm not on a personal
mission to teach anybody.
I'm on-- I don't believe
in teaching people.
I believe in of saying what
I feel and what I experience
and what God
streams to me, and I
believe that that will affect
people in a very positive way
and they will use that.
There will be quite
a few people who
will use that to
empower themselves
and to sort of understand that
they are divine, and I would--
this is my want, that
everybody understands just how
divine they are.
>>NOORY: They say that
consciousness is very
unique to living organisms.
Here is a neuroscientist
who will discuss this--
Anil Seth.
>> As computers get
faster and smarter,
maybe there will come a
point, maybe not too far away,
when my iPhone develops a
sense of its own existence.
Now, I actually think the
prospects for a conscious AI
are pretty remote, and I think
that's because my research is
telling me that
consciousness has
less to do with
pure intelligence
and more to do with our
nature as living and breathing
organisms.
Consciousness and intelligence
are very different things.
You don't have to
be smart to suffer,
but you probably do
have to be alive.
And the story I'm
going to tell you
are conscious
experiences of the world
around us and of
ourselves within it
are kinds of controlled
hallucinations
that happen with, through, and
because of our living bodies.
Now you might have
heard that we know
nothing about how the
brain and body give rise
to consciousness.
Some people even say it's
beyond the reach of science
altogether.
But in fact, the
last 25 years have
seen an explosion of
scientific work in this area.
If you come to my lab at
the University of Sussex,
you'll find scientists from
all different disciplines,
and sometimes even philosophers.
All of us together
trying to understand
how consciousness
happens and what
happens when it goes wrong.
>>NOORY: Well, there's
a neuroscientist, Sarah,
who seems to get it.
He understands it.
I bet not a lot of them do.
>>ADAMS: I believe
that consciousness
comes from energy.
That energy, which I call God,
that flows through everything,
holds--
it holds all the information.
Again, God says, "I am
the Alpha and Omega."
There is no beginning, no end.
So imagine the
amount of information
that is held within energy.
So the more clear
that your body is
and the more that you can
stream this energy through,
the more higher
consciousness one would be.
People who have very
toxic bodies and--
I believe they're tapping
into lower consciousness.
>>NOORY: Or negative people.
>>ADAMS: Yes.
They're tapping into
lower consciousness,
and I believe always that
lower consciousness has
lack of light, which will make
such things as energy vampires
or what the suffering
we see in the world,
and the abuse going
on, is the people who
don't have that charge
of energy inside of them,
and deficit are going
after the people who
have that charge of energy.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>ADAMS: Yes.
This is my belief of that.
>>NOORY: How do you
increase your consciousness?
How do you elevate it?
>>ADAMS: With a
lot of techniques.
I believe in Atlantis.
You know, when it comes
to sound, per se--
a person who's sick-- a
person who is depressed--
their cells--
each cell sends a--
it has electrical
charge, and it sends
to each other almost
like a electrical cord,
and it passes throughout.
So I believe everybody
who's sick and stuff,
they don't have that
charge passing properly,
and they have lack
of that charge,
and this makes the
cells slow down.
When the cells slow down,
that creates aging, sickness,
and everything like that.
I believe in such
ancient cultures,
again, as Egypt and
stuff-- they knew
how to instill light
energy into the body,
and you read about them.
You know, in certain cultures
they lived thousands of years,
including the Bible,
if you remember.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>ADAMS: Yes.
So I believe that they knew
how to re-instill this energy
inside of them, which created
them into higher consciousness,
so they walked and
talked with God.
And you know, I believe that
a lot of fruits, vegetables,
sort of sungazing--
and there's a lot
of different ways of doing it.
But I do believe
there was what I
call ancient light
technology, and that's
something I do want
to talk about, too.
>>NOORY: Have you come
across a psychic vampire?
>>ADAMS: Lots of
them in the world.
I believe that a lot
of people in society
are and they don't
even know it, just
because they're in
deficit of energy,
and so this is creating
a lot of issues,
because what seems
normal to everybody
wasn't normal in these
ancient civilizations--
>>NOORY: Right.
>>ADAMS: --to me, where I lived.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>ADAMS: Because they
seem like low charge--
very low charge to
what I remember.
>>NOORY: The way we're
going-- the path we're on--
are you optimistic
about it, or concerned?
>>ADAMS: I'm very
optimistic about it.
Of course, I kind of have the
ability to see in the future,
so--
>>NOORY: Does it look good?
>>ADAMS: Yes.
I have-- we see these pyramids,
we see the Easter Islands,
the Stonehenge-- don't you
think that such advanced beings
that created that would have a
plan for the world eventually?
>>NOORY: You would hope so.
A good plan.
>>ADAMS: All this ancient
technology is only
lit up by energy, and
this ancient technology
will be lit up.
As soon as humanity
lights themselves up,
they will access this
ancient technology.
All the pyramids are aligned
to other pyramids on other
planets, and isn't it
interesting-- the Bible--
it says that-- talks about
the Ark of the Covenant.
It says there's two angels.
Think about the two
Sphinx before the pyramid.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>ADAMS: Yes.
>>NOORY: Sarah,
if you could wave
a magic wand over the
planet, what would
that wish be that
everything happens?
What would you want?
>>ADAMS: [LAUGHING] I--
I'd wish that everybody
realized that God has never
left humanity.
That God is within them and
it's been there all along.
>>NOORY: Super.
Thanks for being
on "Beyond Belief."
>>ADAMS: Thank you.
>>NOORY: Really appreciate it.
You're very special.
You're different.
>>ADAMS: Thank you.
>>NOORY: You're different.
You can feel the magic
coming off her aura,
and you could
probably end up doing
the same thing for yourself,
and it does change your life.
I'm George Noory.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[MUSIC PLAYING]